
Conway's Game of Life for Windows 98/2000 by Lucian Bogdan Cristache,
Version 1.0.0, June 1, 2001. The idea of the algorithm is entirely mine, but
the patterns were created by different Conway's game of LIFE enthusiasts.

Thank you for downloading this program.

What is the meaning of LIFE?
----------------------------
LIFE is actually not a game but one of the first cellular automatum. 
It was invented in 1970 by the mathematician John Conway.
 In a short time, each computer science man who deserves his title
had his own version of "Life".It even became an obsession for John von 
Newmann, which is the designer of the modern computer (and also a
mathematician). If you're smart and creative, it can be very intellectually
stimulating. It's a simulation game which can generate strange and 
beautiful patterns, sometimes in complex and interesting ways. Yet
the rules of Life are delightfully simple:

- The game is played on a 2-dimensional grid. Each square, or "cell",
    can be either "on" or "off".
- If a cell is off and has 3 neighbors (out of 8), it will become alive
    in the next clock tick.
- If a cell is on and has 2 or 3 neighbors, it survives; otherwise, it
    dies on the next clock tick.

For example, consider the following pattern, where '.' represents an
'off' cell and '*' represents an 'on' cell:
. * .
. * .
. * .
Notice that the cells in the middle on either side are off and have 3
neighbors: they will come alive. But the two '*' cells on the ends each
have just 1 neighbor; they will die of loneliness.

So the next generation is:
. . .
* * *
. . .

A blank Life universe to a Life enthusiast is like a blank canvas to an artist. 
It is full of possibilities. To know what to paint, you need ideas. Here are some
ideas, starting with simple ideas to more complex ones:

Draw a line, run it and see what happens.
Load a pattern, run it and see what happens.
Load the same pattern, delete some cells and see what happens.

Most random patterns turn to chaos -- but even within the chaos are little bits of order.
Some patterns form naturally: blinkers, blocks, beehives, etc., most of them stable. 
There are an infinite number of stable patterns, but the more complicated ones have 
almost no chance of coming out of the chaos. You are much better off building some 
things yourself. And this is where the puzzles come in.

What can you do with my program ?
---------------------------------

1)You can load one of the hit patterns from the \Life folder.
2)You can draw lines by holding down the mouse left button 
  and moving it over the grid.Also you can delete some cells
  by holding down the right button .
3)You can use the Mini Pattern Editor(click on the button captioned "Editor")
  to edit small but more accurate patterns. Clicking on a dead cell brings it
  to life :) and clicking on a living cell kills it :( .
  Examples:
	a) "rabbit"

		.**.
		*.*.
		..*.
	
	b) "fish"

		.****
		*...*
		....*
		*..*.

	c) "rabbits" (a small but vigurously growing population; if you have imagination
	             you can see a male and female rabbit!)

		*...***
		***..*.
		.*.....

4)If you think that you found an interesting pattern you can save it.
  When you click "Save" button the program will save the pattern from
  which you started the simulation (because that counts).

A little "bug":
------------
-Because I set the AutoRedraw property of the Form1 to False (and it should stay False),
 it is possible to lose some cells when a Dialog box or other window goes over the Life window.
 If this happens when you load a pattern, just reload it. Also I recommend  to
 modify the zoom only before loading or drawing a pattern(this can have the same effect).

If you find  more bugs or have any idea of improvement please let me know.


Bogdan Cristache.


